Project 1: Landlord Property Site
	Goal: The purpose of this site would be to gather data about property ownership in Reno and make it more easily accessible.
	
	Demographic: Generally I would imagine this site would be used by tenants, but really any user with intrest in who owns the most housing in Reno would benefit from this site.
	
	Data: I would need the data to include addresses of properties, name of owners, LLC names if applicable, and rental status.
	
	Outline:
		Database Schema: The database itself doesn't need to be complex, having an Owner Table to better organize properties would be necessary, and for that to work we'll need a Property Table.
			Owner Table: owner_id (integer, primary key)
				     first_name (text, not nullable)
				     last_name (text, not nullable)
			Property Table: property_id (integer, primary key)
					address (text, not nullable)
					owner_id (integer, foreign key)
					llc_id (integer, foreign key)
			LLC Table: llc_id (integer, primary key)
				   llc_name (text, not nullable)
				   
		Obstacles: 1. The site I intend to scrape doesn't include if a owner is renting the property, so for now the site will track all property owners
			   2. The site's html doesn't have very detailed id usage for elements so will have to figure out how to bring the important elements to the scraper's attention.
			   3. Will have to learn how to make a web-crawler/scraper to populate database with information.
			   4. Should probably create an api that exist outside of the application.
			   
		Sensitive Information: I don't intend on having any users for this site, I don't see much point in it, the main goal of the site is to visualize data that is otherwise difficult to find.
		
		Functionality: 1. Searchability - The users should be able to look up properties, owners, and llcs to find relevant data.
			       2. Updating Data Visualization - The site should present tables that have interesting data trends, like who ownes the most property.
			       3. Developer Contact - I would want the user to be able to message me in some capacity to challenge data, inform of bugs, etc.
		
		Stretch Goals: 1. The Web-Crawler/Scraper
			       2. Map Visualization Tool (this is a goal I may shoot for in the future)
		
				     
